Is everything okay?
Who are you?
I'm Attorney Kujo.
Please contact me if anything happens.
Attorney… Kujo.
Hey, hey, Shutan's looks
are simply awesome.
He looks like an angel for real.
Huh? It's Ayame.
-Huh?
-Oh my gosh. He's so full of himself.
Dang, you're right. So funny.
Hey, smell this. I bought
the same perfume as my fave.
Oh my gosh. That's so precious.
I've bought too much merch.
I'm broke. I want to quit being a fan.
-I know, right?
-Tsukiya is precious.
MU:
SHIZUKU, I'M ALMOST DONE WITH WORK
Oh my gosh.
My account was added to the list.
I'm so jealous. That's too much editing.
Shut up!
I'm going home.
Do you know her?
Shizuku Kasagi.
She's a classmate from my hometown.
She's annoying.
She wraps her wrists in fake bandages.
She's an attention seeker. It's gross.
Mu?
Sorry, Shizuku.
I've got more work again.
I'll be done when the first train leaves.
I'm sorry.
If you're bored, why not call a hot guy
from a dating app and have some fun?
Where are the hot guys?
Hey.
That's a cute outfit.
Huh?
I'm Shuto.
What's your name?
Shizuku.
Shizuku, huh?
That's a nice name.
It's dangerous to be alone at this hour.
Wanna drink together?
Yes.
You didn't have to tag along.
No, I'm worried about you, Attorney Kujo.
Worried?
Hey.
Talking to him will only lead to trouble.
No one knows what the future holds.
No, I can see it clearly.
At least, when it comes to that man.
If I end up causing you trouble,
Attorney Karasuma, I apologize in advance.
If you're apologizing in advance,
why not stop here?
Nothing beats this ice cream.
Would you two like some?
-Here.
-Oh…
Thank you.
Here you go.
No, no, I'll pass.
You don't like ice cream?
No, it's not that.
Oh…
You don't want to accept anything
from a yakuza, huh?
That's a waste.
The ice cream is going to melt.
So, Mr. Kyogoku,
what did you want to talk about?
Huh?
Oh, there's a chairman
who I'm looking out for.
The AV studio he's the chairman of
is being sued, and he's in trouble.
An adult video studio?
What are they being sued for?
A former actress claims to have been
forced to appear in an adult video,
so she's demanding a ban
on the sale of her past works
and is seeking damages.
A human rights attorney,
named Reiko Kameoka, is uncompromising,
and the company's in trouble.
Reiko Kameoka?
The laws in this country
are too lenient on sex crimes.
The perpetrators escape punishment
and repeatedly commit sexual violence
without a shred of guilt.
Sexual violence is murder of the soul.
The AV industry promotes sexual violence,
and it's the embodiment of evil.
Do you know her?
Yes. Attorney Kameoka was my classmate.
Huh? Really?
They are forced to work.
Their private parts are exposed forever,
humiliating them.
We must protect
the human rights of AV actresses,
who are victims and socially vulnerable.
We must eliminate
the structure of exploitation.
We must save the weak.
Stop sexual violence!
No AV industry!
It makes me sick when human rights lawyers
say they want to save the weak.
They feel good about themselves
by proclaiming ideals.
Weak people who live
by cutting corners don't fight.
They just complain, grumble, and backstab.
You weaken an army
by caring for the injured.
It's better to kill them
and cut your losses.
Or, in a world of competition,
you'll end up prey to predators.
Anyway,
if they want to rant about human rights,
I want them to protect
the human rights of us yakuza too.
Do yakuza need human rights?
Attorney Karasuma.
Because yakuza are overwhelmingly strong.
That's prejudiced thinking.
We can't stay at hotels.
We can't open bank accounts.
We can't buy life insurance.
You deserve it.
-Hey, you!
-Stop.
That attorney is still young,
unlike Attorney Kujo.
Eat some ice cream and cool your head.
Thank you very much.
Well, Attorney Kujo, I'm counting on you.
Are you going to take the case?
Yes.
It's my job.
Thank you very much, Attorney Kameoka.
At first, I wasn't sure
about female attorneys,
but the phrase "tough as any man"
could've been made for you.
Do you know the term "tough as any man"
comes from the discriminatory idea
that women are inferior to men?
Oh, well…
You're a strong attorney
despite being a beautiful woman.
I was complimenting you.
Appearance and gender have nothing to do
with an attorney's ability.
I just do everything I can for my clients.
Mr. Suzuki, you take the subway, right?
Yes.
You can go ahead.
W-Well, then,
thank you very much.
Ms. Kameoka.
Attorney Nagaragi.
You've been doing very well lately.
No, no. What is it?
Oh, I just wanted to have a little chat.
You're single, right?
Don't you want to get married?
Why are you asking this all of a sudden?
This is harassment, Attorney Nagaragi.
-Are you saying this deliberately?
-Yes.
I saw your lecture on married couples
having different surnames in a video,
and I have the perfect partner for you.
It's none of your business, but who is it?
Attorney Kujo.
Attorney Kujo?
Are you talking about Mr. Kurama?
Please stop joking. He's such a weirdo.
He defends antisocial forces.
I've only heard bad rumors about him.
Do you think I'm a good match for someone
who's involved with antisocial forces?
Yes.
I can picture the two of you
standing side by side.
I'm offended.
He's a man of principle.
This is ridiculous.
I'm going home.
Meet him once
and rekindle an old friendship.
Excuse me.
Ms. Kasagi, how many times
do I have to tell you?
The price tags and products
are all over the place.
I'm sorry.
No matter what I do,
I'm inferior to regular people.
Shuto?
Are you feeling down?
Come to the bar.
I'll comfort you.
I want you to comfort me, Shuto…
But I'm out of savings.
The queen of being broke.
I can't go to the bar.
Sob.
You can pay later. Just come.
I want to see you, Shizuku.
Ah, today is fun too.
Thank you for coming
all the time, Shizuku.
-Shuto, you're so good-looking.
-Hmm?
At first, I thought you were a host.
I told you I'm not a host.
I'm an actor… working part-time here.
I see. You're an actor.
What shows were you in?
Oh, I almost got a role
in a superhero show.
I'm sure you'll be a great actor, Shuto.
I've still got a ways to go.
What's your dream, Shizuku?
My dream?
I'm just trying to survive.
If I had to say, I wanna leave home.
I wanna leave right now.
I'm working part-time so I can move out.
Problems with your parents?
It's not my parents…
I really hate
my mom's boyfriend, Tonohata.
-Tono?
-What?
Eat whatever you want with this.
Uh-huh.
Shizuku, I'm going to work.
See you.
He does nasty things to me
when my mom's not around.
He hits me if I resist,
so I'm really scared.
Oh.
I start blabbering when I'm drunk.
Oh no, please don't hate me.
There's no way I'd hate you
for such a thing.
You come to see me every day.
You spend a lot of money.
I'm only grateful.
I'm so happy.
But I'm going to run out of money.
My tab is almost maxed out.
Shizuku.
Can we be alone after the bar closes?
I feel so safe when I'm with you, Shuto.
I've never felt this safe before.
Is that so?
I'm glad.
Yeah.
I have a job I want to introduce you to.
Oh, okay, okay.
It's sex work, isn't it?
I'll do anything
to keep seeing you, Shuto.
The other girls I know are working as
call girls for their host boyfriends too.
That's not it.
Shizuku, don't underestimate yourself.
Huh?
And action!
Okay.
The scout, Shuto, referred me.
I'm Shizuku Kasagi.
Your acquaintances
will definitely find out.
-Are you okay with that?
-Yes.
I'm okay with it.
I'm not worried about anyone
finding out about this.
But
can someone like me become one?
Ms. Kasagi, you underestimate yourself.
You have the talent
to become a top-tier actress.
A top-tier actress?
Only a handful of elite actresses
are considered top-tier actresses.
Have confidence in yourself.
Okay.
The one thing I don't have is confidence.
It's okay.
Your success
will eventually lead to confidence.
You are
a diamond in the rough.
You're so pretty, Shizuku.
They'll film you beautifully.
Everything will be okay.
Ms. Tashiro, I'm so, so grateful.
Uh-huh.
But…
I'm scared.
It'll be fine.
I'll be watching over you the whole time,
so don't worry.
Thank you so much.
You're all done.
Shizuku!
Good luck with the shoot!
I'll always be with you in spirit!
Thank you for letting me be here today.
Nice to meet you.
Mr. Kyogoku referred me to you.
I'm Mr. Koyama from Komuora Kikaku.
I'm Attorney Kujo.
-Attorney Karasuma.
-I'm here about the Momoka Shiraishi case.
She's suing us to recall her adult films,
claiming she was forced to act in them.
To be honest,
this case is a losing battle.
Losing?
-Yes.
-Why is that?
I know this was before
the new AV law was enacted,
but based on past precedents,
Ms. Shiraishi's appearances
in the adult videos
will likely be judged
a quasi-employment contract.
In this case, the Civil Code's provisions
on employment and labor apply,
so even mid-contract,
she can't be stopped from quitting.
With her demands
to remove past work and seek damages,
we must present objective evidence
that she was not forced into appearing.
Otherwise, our chances of winning
are virtually zero.
We'll stop the other side's attorney
from using the media to blow this up.
What a pain.
Since the new AV law was enacted,
our industry has been clean,
unlike the old days.
Now, we are thorough in signing contracts
with actresses before filming.
So you didn't sign contracts in the past?
Huh?
Oh, w-well…
Momoka Shiraishi, who filed the lawsuit,
is an actress
who's been active since that time.
She has appeared in more than 300 videos.
And now she suddenly claims
that she was forced to appear in them.
Since she's appeared
in more than 300 videos,
it may indicate that she was
not forced to appear in them.
By the way,
do you have any idea as to why?
It's a man. A man.
Ms. Shiraishi had a boyfriend
who was violent.
At first, she endured being beaten
and having her hard-earned money taken.
But she couldn't take
the violence anymore,
and she fled to Reiko Kameoka,
a human rights attorney.
For some reason, she turned her anger
on us instead of the violent guy.
How was your company's relationship
with Momoka Shiraishi?
It was good.
She even sent me a postcard
from her overseas trip.
This.
I'LL DO MY BEST!
It's ridiculous.
They only impose their claims.
What kind of human rights lawyer is she?
She should consider our human rights too.
Anyway, I'm counting on you, sir.
I'll take the case,
but whether she continues with AV or not
is up to Ms. Shiraishi to decide.
You're regretting it, aren't you?
Regretting what?
Taking on such a case.
You should stay away from Mr. Kyogoku.
No, I was thinking about something else.
What were you thinking about?
Are there any attorneys
who aren't human rights attorneys?
Huh?
Attorneys receive requests
from someone and do their work.
They fight in court,
respecting that person's human rights.
Doesn't that make you, me,
and all attorneys
human rights attorneys?
Well, you see, a human rights attorney is…
It's Attorney Kameoka.
Hello?
It's been a while. It's Ms. Kameoka.
Mr. Kurama… That's not it.
It's Kujo now, right?
Your last name changed,
but your number is still the same
as when you were a student.
It's been a while, Attorney Kameoka.
Attorney Kujo, you're representing
Komuora Kikaku, right?
May I ask one thing before we face off?
Sure.
You have a daughter, right?
What would you do
if your daughter was forced to do AV?
Attorney Kameoka, about this case,
is it possible that an AV actress who's
been in over 300 films was forced into it?
Don't evade my question with a question.
This isn't a problem with the AV industry.
Isn't she just shifting the blame
to escape from domestic violence?
Just answer my question.
What would you do
if your daughter was forced to do AV?
That's a huge leap.
It's irrelevant to this case.
Then I'll change my question.
Why are you defending antisocial forces?
I get it if it's for social justice
to prevent false accusations.
But what you're doing
is encouraging crime.
I don't think it's wise for an attorney
to make a judgment on justice.
You're a human being
before you're an attorney, right?
If you can't even make a judgment
on good and evil,
you're not a human.
If you serve an evil person in power,
you'll eventually be swallowed up.
Isn't she what you call
a human rights attorney?
Is that so?
To me, she's not an attorney,
but a thinker or activist
with a strong desire for approval.
Well, at the very least,
I don't think she's a crooked lawyer.
I think you would get along with her.
I'm afraid she'd corner me
the moment we meet.
But I agree with her last words.
Attorney Kujo.
I advise you to be cautious
about requests from Mr. Kyogoku.
I'll keep that in mind.
NO. 1 ROOKIE
Jackpot! It's a huge hit!
We did spend a lot on advertising,
but it's selling like crazy, Shizuku.
Thank you, Mr. Ao!
I'll do my best at the shoot tomorrow.
All right!
-Cheers!
It's delicious.
-Are you sure? It's expensive.
-Yeah. It's to celebrate your debut.
And you got first place, right?
That's amazing!
Oh, I got paid,
so I can pay you back for the tab.
It's okay. You're gonna sell even more,
so you can pay me back later.
Okay.
More importantly, the actor who got
the morning drama role wants to meet you.
No, as long as I have you,
I don't need anyone else.
I see.
Yeah.
Ah, I'm so happy.
Hey, Shizuku.
Can you wait until the bar closes today?
Yeah.
-I'll hold you until morning.
-Yay!
Oh!
MOM:
SHIZUKU, THE MONEY'S DUE TODAY
COME HOME
WHERE ARE YOU?
What's wrong?
Sorry.
Mom's mad.
What you're saying is so damn annoying.
Ow, ow! That hurts, Tono.
It hurts. It hurts!
I told you, you need
to use your brain to make money!
Look at this.
A super fake Polex. It's a grade N.
I got it from Korea.
I took this to a few pawn shops
and sold it for 500,000.
Seriously?
Huh? They didn't find out, Tono?
I was like, "Who knows?
Maybe you switched it out."
And I forced them to buy it.
Hey, I'll sell it to you
for a special deal of 250,000.
You could sell it in an online auction.
Nah, I don't have that kind of money.
Hey, you said you'd pay me back
the 100,000 today, right?
Can I try something?
You're such a pain, you broke dumbass!
-If you sell it for 500,000--
-Hey, don't break the glasses.
You got a problem with that? Or not?
Huh? I can't hear you! Which is it?
Oh, Shizuku.
Where have you been wandering around?
I was worried about you.
I was just working.
You look kinda grown-up.
Did you get a boyfriend?
Nope.
Mom.
Yeah?
Here's the money.
Oh.
What?
This much? What?
Where did you get this money?
From my part-time job.
Wow.
Well, I'm going out.
Oh.
Hey.
Give me that money.
No way!
How much do you think
you've run up on your tab?
I'm the one the boss will yell at!
Shut up. You cover it for me!
Tono, you need to get a job already.
Don't act all high and mighty!
Thank you for finding me a good girl.
Well, I didn't expect Shizuku
to sell that much.
She still has a lot of potential.
An AV actress can't last long
if she's not strong.
If she's weak, she won't make it.
She needs to be tough
and not worry about the little things.
As for mentally unstable girls,
we have to continue tricking them.
If Shizuku is the latter,
I'll leave her emotional care to you.
Leave it to me.
Oh,
another girl's about to go broke,
so I think I can introduce her to you.
You're a hard worker.
Well, if the girl I introduce makes money,
I get 10% permanently
as the talent scout, after all.
It's a good business.
I'm sorry. I'll call you back.
Shizuku?
What's wrong?
I hate this.
I don't want to go home.
I want to be beside you forever.
Yeah.
Huh?
Postpone the interview?
Right.
Momoka Shiraishi agreed to settle
with the other party at this stage.
So what about the big scoop
that was going to expose the AV industry?
It's not happening.
They got us.
The opposing attorney put her up to it,
and she backed out.
Attorney Kujo,
thank you for settling
the Shiraishi case out of court.
No problem.
It was just as you said.
Her lawyer was trying
to prop up Momoka Shiraishi
and push her into the media, face and all.
I just provided a clear explanation.
It seems to have worked quite well.
Why did Momoka Shiraishi sue
in the first place?
Oh,
her abusive boyfriend hit her,
and she was confused.
Ms. Kameoka riled her up, so she couldn't
back down. She later regretted it.
What's going to happen to her now?
Well, she can't come back to this industry
after turning against us.
Had she not quit like this,
she could've come back.
All the girls who make it big
always come back again.
They can't do any other decent job.
And, well, I guess
they remember the good times
when they had somewhere they belonged.
-Your sweet and sour pork.
-Oh.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
It's rare for you to ask us out.
You even invited Attorney Kujo.
I have to regularly warn
you crooked lawyers.
Crooked lawyers?
It's like fire safety,
like crime prevention.
Sorry for always making you
worry about us.
Now,
I need some advice.
The consultation fee is 5,000 yen.
Not a legal consultation.
Oh…
Here.
A dating app?
I made an account,
but I'm not getting any messages. Why?
Well, you wrote a lot of conditions.
"Someone good at parallel parking."
"Someone who eats three bowls of rice."
"Someone who bowls over 200."
Well, I thought I'd write down
my preferences in detail.
It's too detailed.
What does "Dogs, cats, and birds are okay,
but reptiles are not" mean?
Well, I want someone
who likes dogs, cats, and birds as pets
but not reptiles.
Finding someone that specific
is like looking for a cryptid.
What? What's a cryptid?
Huh? Doesn't Attorney Kujo fit
the description?
You have Black Thunder.
You're good at bowling, right?
My best score is 292.
What do you think?
No way! I'd never like
a crooked lawyer like him.
Because he's crooked?
No, that's not it.
Then,
Attorney Karasuma?
I hate an accomplice
of a crooked lawyer even more.
Let's go to another place,
Attorney Karasuma.
Remember? You don't like me.
Are you still sulking?
You're coming, right?
You're not like that heartless Kujo
who went home early, right?
Attorney.
You know him?
Huh?
Well--
Thank you for the settlement.
Chairman Koyama was grateful too.
But how did you persuade that AV actress?
AV?
Well, it was Attorney Kujo
who did the work.
But
you helped him too, right?
I'll buy you a fancy ice cream
as a thank you next time.
I knew you were an accomplice to evil.
No, I'm not.
No matter how much you deny it,
if you're with him, that's how it looks.
I'm sober now.
I'm going home.
I'm really worried about you, you know?
Both Attorney Kujo and you.
Here you go.
I used to walk my dog every morning
around this time…
because the summer asphalt
is like a cigarette burn on a dog's paws.
When Rice Cake's legs became weak,
I would use a dogcart,
and we'd take shorter walks.
Rice Cake.
My dog looked so happy
when the breeze blew across its cheeks.
That face…
As I walked, I wondered how many
more times I'd get to see that face.
When I was a kid,
I used to fight and get hit.
After everything that happened,
my heart grew cold and numb.
Dogs can understand
what's going on in your heart.
My dog would comfort me and lick my face.
When I rubbed my nose against
Rice Cake's body and took a deep breath,
I smelled a fragrant scent
I couldn't describe that calmed me.
After my mom died,
Rice Cake was the only one
I could open my heart to.
Did Rice Cake die of old age?
I killed my dog on Kyogoku's orders.
I should've killed him myself,
right then and there.
But now's not the time.
I have things I must do.
Poor people can only get off
on free videos,
so sex crimes never go away.
SUPER ROOKIE, AV DEBUT,
MIRACLE GEM, SHIZUKU PIEN
SAMPLE VIDEO
I'm Shizuku Pien. Nice to meet you.
Seriously?
That's Shizuku.
Thank you so much for taking time
out of your busy schedule.
I was impressed by your online articles
and videos, Attorney Kameoka.
Thank you very much.
Shizuku is only 19.
A while ago, that meant being a minor.
The legal age of adulthood may be 18 now,
but she doesn't understand anything.
She's still like a child.
I can't forgive the malicious AV studio
that tricked my daughter,
who's basically a minor,
and made her a public spectacle.
Can you help us get
as much compensation as possible?
Ms. Kasagi, may I ask you something?
Hmm? Oh, yes?
You signed off
on Shizuku's appearance contract.
As her parent, you should've thought
carefully and protected her.
Hey, why are you blaming me?
I didn't know.
You signed the contract as a witness.
I'm telling you,
she said it was
a form for her part-time job.
I didn't know it was for AV.
Even so, if her mother signed it,
it would work against us in court.
According to the contract,
the AV studio would not be at fault.
Hey, are you serious, Kinuko?
You signed it without my permission?
As our attorney, get them to pay up.
You hate them too, right?
It's not about whether I hate them or not.
We're the victims here.
Please do something.
I understand.
It doesn't say anywhere that it's for AV.
It doesn't say a word
about the kind of work it is.
They set an unfair contract penalty
and even got her mother
to sign as a witness.
It's a contract
that was designed to deceive.
So, when we go to court,
we need to pursue whether the studio
properly explained to Shizuku
that she was going to be in an AV or not,
and if they got her consent after that.
How much compensation can we get?
How much were you thinking, Tonohata?
I think we should get about 30 million.
Right, Ms. Kameoka?
I think the most we can get
is five million. Maybe even less.
Oh, five million, huh?
So that means we can expect two
to three million, at a modest estimate.
Well, that's fine.
What? I'm not satisfied with that.
Anyway, Ms. Kameoka,
please take care of this.
Then, we'll file a claim for damages
against Komuora Kikaku.
And go.
Spinning makes me dizzy
Attorney Kujo, you look so mature now.
Mature? I'm already an adult.
Then should I say that you look stern?
Well, I'm handling dozens
of troublesome cases.
The bodyguard business
for antisocial forces is booming.
Why do you have such a grudge
against the AV and sex industries?
Do you understand people
who can only survive in those industries?
Do you think weak women
should become prostitutes?
We have a welfare system in Japan.
I will never forgive the evil
that commodifies and consumes the weak.
She still wants to continue working
in the AV industry.
Even though she's only 19,
she has the right to choose her own life.
Even if it's the wrong choice,
it's not up to you or anyone else
to decide that.
Mmm. I'm so happy.
It's up to her to decide.
I understand your point of view
very well, Attorney Kujo.
You're saying we should turn a blind eye
to the weak
who are deceived and exploited.
You always jump to conclusions.
It was a waste of time talking
to an attorney who encourages crime.
I wonder if we'll meet again,
not that I want to see you again.
Hello, Shizuku.
I heard from Mr. Ao.
Your video was pulled due to the issue
of it being a forced appearance.
Mom and her boyfriend sued them
without my permission.
I see.
I was a dirty, filthy creature.
But when I entered the world of AV,
for the first time in my life,
I felt glad to be alive.
They put beautiful makeup on me,
and the lights
were more dazzling than the sun.
But
it's all gone now.
What should I do?
You'll be okay, Shizuku.
You were popular in AV.
You can become a sex worker
under good conditions.
I'll introduce you to a good place.
You made a lot of money.
Those rich foreigners like doing it
with multiple people. It's their culture.
Shizuku, you're so popular,
you get customers at your asking price.
I'll take half as the referral fee, then.
Shuto.
Hmm?
I want to feel good.
I've got the yaba and snow ready.
Party and play is the best, right?
Happiness all to myself.
Stay close to me. It makes me feel calm.
I'll stay like this for a while,
till the next customer comes in an hour.
Are you lonely?
If I'm with you, Shuto,
I'm okay.
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa